Not being there how
big a hit, of
this, stephen a smith
i cannot wait. Monster
what i'm about to
say because i'll be
fascinated by it who
carries question i would
like to believe. Hit
golf ball take will
be minimal, here but
i'm the first to
tell. You to remind
you i, have loved
the sport, of golf
and watching it since.
I was a kid
nicholas, whittel twice, peter
tan tiger woods and
i know this.
Is way before your
time, watson johnny, miller
cade of stars big
breasts the. Biggest dog
who is jack that's
how i grew up
dada before tigers as.
Much as i will
miss his, enormous present
fishers majors if he
does not. Come back
watch like every, minute
of the, masters pain
in the us open.
In the british open
with or without because
that's what i do
that's who i.
Was before and who
i will be dumbfoundead
6, o'clock eSPN cat
died is. Gone back
surgery not not even
major  horse racing
tips for today uk
back, surgery i
think we are classified.
As medium it's not
the worst is not
unos the british open
golf is. Dead are
we know tiger, bring,
up the, fact right
now in the wake.
Of tiger woods
the man hasn't won,
a major championship in
almost six years. Think
about that i really,
haven't even two major,
championship for the last
six. Years to everybody
else the stunning, facts
tell me is that
during tigers growl. Tiger
no next tiger i
was thinking maybe rory
was that guy in
the. Last year rory
had fired and he
fell back until right
on his face.
Last year he's still
on, his face as
we, speak i'm not
convinced he's going. To
be a big threat
so i look back
who said i cant
see. Them anymore here's
my last point stephen
a, loaded onto the
scene and trust. Me
i loved as much
as anybody else did
in 1997 think about
remember. The masters in
97  sports training
courses  crazy, me,
at, the time open
the floodgates for young
african american is.
Everywhere there so much
money being, poured into
the first tee program
all across. This country
african american opportunity to
compete in play and
grow in the game.
Of golf guess how
many are, on tour
as, we speak how
many african american.
Golfers how about zero
how about, zero are
you kidding there's that
to joseph bramlett. 2011
anthony played on the
web last year, i,
don't even know what
time. What is not
on the pGA tour,
hits tiger woods and
fire alone you. Know
what's good the african
american community, doesn't care,
do you know why
we. Don't care the
agenda will we get
to choose, participate or
not today and
literally.  Be
in walls to
prevent iPod touch
when that veil
is lyft to
literally. Part 2
if we so
choose what to
do otherwise if
we so choose.
We really care
about americans are
varsity jackets
not, on the
tour little concerned
just like participation.
In the sport
of major league
concern ourselves, with
having the right
choose whether. It's
something that we
want, he do,
that's, what i
want you to
be careful about
i. Just keep
might be mindful
of that because
everybody in because
you define polarizing.
Either for him
it's almost like
an itch brings
in dOS interested
in the squad.
Or not because
they what the,
rory mac, pretty
much have to
love golf. You
don't have to
love to be
addressed, in the
title you just
need. To love
or hate it.